The State Border Service of Azerbaijan announced the installation of a checkpoint at the entrance to the Lachin-Khankendi road on the border with Armenia. This was done unilaterally in order to prevent the transfer of manpower, ammunition, mines, as well as military equipment from Armenia to illegal Armenian armed groups on the territory of Azerbaijan. the command of the Russian peacekeeping contingent and the Russian-Turkish monitoring center have been informed.  4 day ago - Liveuamap
Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev said that Armenians living in the Karabakh region should choose either to accept Azerbaijani citizenship or look for another place to live  1 week ago - Liveuamap
Several Azerbaijani and Armenian soldiers killed and wounded in clash near Teh village of Syunik region   2 week ago - Liveuamap
Work on a peace treaty with Armenia is not going so smoothly, but Azerbaijan aims to normalize relations with Yerevan, - Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev said  2 week ago - Liveuamap
A soldier of the Azerbaijan Army was killed in a landmine explosion. A military serviceman of one of the units of the Azerbaijan Army located in the territory of Tartar region, soldier Niftaliyev Novruz Eldeniz oglu, fell on a mine and died on April 2. This was reported by the Ministry of Defense in response to APA's inquiry.  3 week ago - Liveuamap
Report of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Karabakh: Tonight, the Azerbaijani armed forces blocked the Goris-Khankendi/Stepanakert highway between the villages of Agavno and Tekh. A new dirt bypass road Tekh-Kornidzor in the Syunik region is already ready, which will connect with the new Kornidzor-Khinshen road (Berdzor (Lachin) corridor)  4 week ago - Liveuamap
Azerbaijan took control of a number of heights and territories on the border with Armenia - Ministry of Defense  4 week ago - Liveuamap
The Azerbaijani Armed Forces deployed an armed unit at the beginning of the Goris-Khankendi/Stepanakert road passing through the Lachin corridor, near the border with Armenia, finally blocking traffic on this road, which is currently used only by peacekeepers and Red Cross vehicles  4 week ago - Liveuamap
Fazıl Mustafa, Chairman of the Great Liberation Party in Azerbaijan, was injured in an armed attack  4 week ago - Liveuamap
Assassination attempt on Azerbaijani MP Fazil Mustafa at his residence in Baku city. The MP was shot multiple times and is known for his strong stance against the Iranian government. Lightly wounded   4 week ago - Liveuamap
Azerbaijani Ministry of Defense says they have stopped Armenian engineering works somewhere near here, Yuxarı Veysəlli of Füzuli  1 month ago - Liveuamap
Azerbaijani Ministry of Defense says they have started a "necessary local operations" in Karabakh  1 month ago - Liveuamap
Today PM @GharibashviliGe met with the US Sanctioned judges and in his assurance to fully support the judiciary clan he publicly defended and praised them, which is logical because GD's state capture fully stands on this clan. He also mentioned disinformation narratives  2 week ago - Liveuamap
US imposes visa restrictions on Georgia's key judiciary clan figures (Mikheil Chinchaladze, Levan Murusidze, Irakli Shengelia, Valerian Tsertsvadze) involved in the significant corruption and State capture  3 week ago - Liveuamap
On March 31, the Azerbaijani Armed Forces violated the ceasefire in the eastern & southwestern direction of the contact line by using small arms & RPG-7 grenade launchers. In the area of Nakhijevanik village, the Azerbaijani side opened fire on the civilians working in the yard  3 week ago - Liveuamap
Firefighters extinguished a blaze that broke out at the third and fourth floors of the four-storey building of Ambassadori Hotel, in the central part of Georgia's capital Tbilisi, the Ministry of Internal Affairs said on Friday  3 week ago - Liveuamap
EU stepping up military aid to Georgia and Moldova @RikardJozwiak reports. Georgia is expected to get €30 million worth modern trailers, trucks, heavy equipment transporters, cranes and vehicles supporting the mobility of the Georgian defense forces' field artillery comms systems  1 month ago - Liveuamap
In North Ossetia, there was a mass brawl and shootout between the natives of Ingushetia and Ossetia. 11 people were taken to the hospital.  1 day ago - Liveuamap
3 policemen killed, 7 wounded in clashes with suspected militants in Zyazikov-Yurt village of Malgobek district of Ingushetiya   3 week ago - Liveuamap
Clashes in Ingushetiya with suspected militants reported   3 week ago - Liveuamap
Counter-terrorism regime declared in Malgobeksky district of Ingushetiya after shootout with 5 suspects  3 week ago - Liveuamap
4 policemen wounded, 2 suspects killed in shootout in Gudermes  4 week ago - Liveuamap
Russians accuse Azerbaijan of breaking the Tripartite statement with advancement and capture of heights  1 month ago - Liveuamap
Pashinyan discussed the situation in Karabakh with Putin - press service of the Cabinet of Ministers of Armenia  1 day ago - Liveuamap
Armenian Foreign Ministry called on Russia to ensure the withdrawal of Azerbaijani forces from the Lachin corridor  4 day ago - Liveuamap
The Ministry of Defense of Armenia announced that a second Azerbaijani soldier who crossed the border on April 13 was detained. There is no statement from Azerbaijan about the incident.  2 week ago - Liveuamap
Four soldiers of the Armenian army were killed, six were injured on Tuesday as a result of clashes with the Azerbaijani armed forces near the village of Tekh in the Syunik region of Armenia, the press service of the Ministry of Defense of Armenia reports  2 week ago - Liveuamap
Putin and Pashinyan had a phone call, discussed Karabakh and blockade of Lachin corridor  2 week ago - Liveuamap
The Constitutional Court of Armenia ruled on the conformity of the Constitution with the Rome Statute, which allows Armenia to join the International Criminal Court (ICC) after ratification  1 month ago - Liveuamap
Armenia Calls For Larger International Presence To Ease Tensions Around Nagorno-Karabakh. - Radio Free
Russia Names New Chief Of Nagorno-Karabakh Peacekeepers As Tensions Rise Between Armenia, Azerbaijan. - Radio Free
Georgian PM Presses Country’s EU, NATO Aspirations During Brussels Visit. - Radio Free
New Azerbaijani-Armenian Tensions Flare Around Nagorno-Karabakh. - Radio Free
EU Ministers Say Chinese Envoy's Remarks On Ukraine Sovereignty 'Unacceptable'. - Radio Free
Armenia Approves Law To Allow Women To Serve In Army. - Radio Free
The Underground Network Helping Russians Escape The Draft. - Radio Free
Wider Europe Briefing: In 2023, There's A Good Chance Georgia, Moldova, And Ukraine Will Move Closer To The EU. - Radio Free
Caucasus Transformed: The Artist Who Captured Armenia As Soviet Rule Began. - Radio Free
Wider Europe Briefing: The Obstacles Still Remaining To A Serbia-Kosovo Deal; EU Steps Up Military Aid To Georgia, Moldova. - Radio Free
Georgian Government Pins Recent Protests On 'Satanists' Funded By The U.S.. - Radio Free
Nagorno-Karabakh: The Rise And Fall Of Ruben Vardanian. - Radio Free
Why The Georgian Government Climbed Down On The 'Foreign Agents' Law. - Radio Free
Georgian Women Take To The Streets To Demand Change. - Radio Free